---
layout: post
title: "Accessing 10th Chakra"
date: "10-11-2022"
published: true
---

Used for activating the ground chakra. It can heal:

1. memory problems
2. looking out for yourself
3. speaking more on your mind
4. finding a hobby
5. doing things you want more
6. relaxing more
7. loosening up stiff sores or muscles
8. having a sense of security by yourself
9. welcoming more views and accepting them
10. sleeping better! insomnia gone.
11. setting your bedtime juuuust right
12. eating what need to eat better, food choices (plants taste like adrenochrome if you know how to spread the chakra in garden).

> Only do this meditation after you have some experience with the crown chakra. You can mix crown chakra water with adrenochrome water prior and drink it if you want to jump right in. This chakra is the 10th so the more you have meditated prior with the crown, the better you can reach it. If you just jump right in without preparation, it will be hard   to make progress. Adrenochrome tea or other things like it can save you some time from crown chakra meditation. You must drink prior though.

You don’t need a mala with you, but carry a bloodstone for the session.

Time: 8-12min. More time means better activation. Go in multiples of 12 if you want more time, eg 36min.

Sub-chakra: crown! Don’t use third eye for this one.

Hold the bloodstone with your right hand and begin with shallow breathing.

In and out, in and out. Do this 36 times. You shouldn’t feel winded at all.

After that. Pause for a bit and begin deep breathing.

For deep breathing, take a deep breath in, hold it for 1 second, then release slowly. Do this 22 times.

Then, you can relax for the remainder of the time. The chakra is activating now and healing you. You’re going to feel drowsy and not like opening the eyes by now. That means it is working.

Follow this up with adrenochrome tea, all vegan and healthy. This will take the drowzy feeling away and you’ll have energy for the day.

You can also use another bloodstone, soak it in a glass bottle, and drink some ‘adrenochrome’ water as well in place of tea. You’ll need to make sure to have prepared the bloodstone so it mimics adrenochrome. It’s not adrenochrome, but something like it.

The adrenochrome type substance is a mild type of healing, used to rejuvenate the body for a little while. You’ll need it every now and then.

While you’re at the 10th chakra, you can charge a ground chakra stone! The stone is ruby. The metal is: platinum. Gold enhanced with a cinntamani also works. When in doubt, try a platinum bracelet!

But plain gold will not do.
