---
layout: post
title: "Accessing the Divine Chakra"
date: "09-11-2022"
published: true
---

A meditation used to access the 8th chakra. Works best with a root chakra stone in your pocket. You want to commune with divine beings (gods), this is their chakra. Have some fun times!!!

> For the 7 day access, eat some food prior, no meals! Usually this method takes 34/34 days. But, if you want to speed up the time, eat tons of food and bring quintessence. Drink it midway in meditation! Don't worry about your health. After, drink philosopher stone water.

Sound: Lambda waves
Time: 10min.

What to have prior:

1. Orange Juice
2. Sacral Chakra, Crown Chakra, and Jade stone water (minerals)
3. bonus: philosopher stone water

Dilute with tap water.

What to have after:

1. Orange Juice
2. Crown Chakra, Sacral Chakra, and Jade stone water
3. Ginger ale

### How to Meditate

Start by seating yourself on a mat. Be outside for this meditation, on rainy days don’t do it! It will be hard for you to access it then.

Begin with small breaths, do 27 small breaths. (Drink quintessence here.) In and out. Then, chant your favourite mantra 108 times with the mala to keep count. Then, do 52 big breaths! These have to be like innnnnnn and oooooouuuut.

You’re here now! Relax for the next 5 minutes or until the meditation is over. It’s a 10 minute meditation, so the remainder of the time try to just relax. Focus on sounds around you, the weather, and so on.


If you’d like, you can charge an 8th chakra stone while you meditate on selenite. The stone is: Sapphire.
