---
layout: post
title: "Accessing Buddhas"
date: "10-11-2022"
published: true
---

So you want to be with the Buddhas? Okay, I’m about to tell you how to hang out with them and relax during meditation.

Drink nothing but tap water. No ice! Chilled is better. You can sweeten it with brown sugar if you want.

When you come back, drink some matcha, brown sugar if fine. Cold brew! No milk in matcha too. No ginger as well nor mint. Plain matcha optionally sweetened.

Hold on to the Buddha stone with your left hand; don’t let it see sunlight during this process!

> Do this after having the first meal or at 04:00-05:00. It works best during this time! Let the food digest for maybe 60-90min. before trying. You need to not be full.

Let’s begin!

Start by being standing. Stand for 10 breaths. Breath in and out as you wish. But, keep count.

Now, sit down on the ground (straw optional, and a pillow is nice if you have one for a cushion).

Take 5 deep breaths. In and out. Pause and focus your mind on your surroundings, eyes closed. What do you hear? Bird chirping? People talking? Just take mental note and be mindful about it. Now, another 5 breaths. Same way. Notice again. One more time, 5 breaths.

On the third try don’t try to notice anything and recite ‘om mani peme hum (hri)’ 108 times! Use the mala to count. And don’t verbalise the ‘hri’ part. Say it “inside your head” like you are reading it. Try to block out outside distractions while you do this.

Once this is done, use the Buddha stone and touch it to your mala. Eyes can be open. You’re done. Relax and recline for the rest of the time. Take in the sunshine! Breathe fresh air! Have some water!

When the timer is done, have some fresh matcha. Or drink when stone touches mala for 1min.

Total time: 15-60min. with stone, 45-180min. without stone, 90-360min. without mala and stone, 60sec. if you wear a special watch (quartz), special instructions (where it for the whole day, it releases energy like Buddha for the whole day, solar powered too, don’t eat anything while wearing it, drinks only. Water is good. Chocolate is good. Just these two for rest of day. Water and chocolate if you are hungry).

You can meditate for more than 15min, but the minimum is 15min. The more time you put in, the stronger the charge.

That’s it!
